Outbox dead letter queue and Observability using Open Telemetry (#1673)
cap-js/docs: java/operating-applications/observability.md

The configuration steps below assume that your application uses the [SAP Java Buildpack](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/sap-jakarta-buildpack).
:::

:::tip

> You can also add observability with OpenTelemetry by running the command `cds add cloud-logging --with-telemetry` in your project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can conveniently enhance your application with Open Telemetry observability by running the command `cds add cloud-logging --with-telemetry` in your project directory.
```
